taking distance and rodrigo am a
player career had a hard,
Rodrigo
He told me from Brazil.
Brasilia 8 in the second minute of play
He released the known goalkeeper and sister
a worth nose close up with a touch adding
proved to open the scoring in a denial
defended with the since the budget did not
had pity the cinema hit the ball firmly
To make one for Brazil.
0 for Argentina in front of goats
Look the ball, I think it's coming. Top
said noah
from brasil lion's toque
brazil left the counter attack
of the bell and gil avenue vans the goalkeeper
left a subtle touch of light over the
budget for brazil make 2 to 0
Brasilia if on the ecg cold the goalkeeper left
and played with enough force just to
take the goalkeeper and find goal 2 for the
brazil goes to argentina sandrinho
quit would I think until a relative
far from our work 2 the barrier
of brazil her rolled gonçales goal
that of Argentina with salts decreases
already in the finzinho of this first time it looks
as he dominated pounded the ball the
goalkeeper who tried to get stretched but
leaves to celebrate argentina doing 2 to
1 goal that shined in the inter in the selection
Brazilian looks the guy won
the top brazil 11 daniel to brazil
led the coach otto raised again to
fans will see garrincha knocked
very strong
There in the corner, the ball slipped on the crossbar.
sent the daniel on the border to make
Brazil spain the other agent calú 20
seconds to end game
pazzini in Brazil attack take can
leave now to get the fourth goal of the
long distance team
the thrashing of Brazil and Brazil
the album
so in Brazil for the cup of Brazil
look at the person who made the Rodrigo takes
oval ball had straightened twice
from afar by coverage
the goalkeeper was out of goal at
Argentina goalkeeper-line strategy
gave in there the goal of Brazil the fourth of the
brazil 4 to 1 for brazil
thrashed over our great
futsal rivals in south america
valdin